I believe that everyone’s personal identity consists of two categories: objective and comparative identity. Comparative identity is your identity around and to other people and your environment. While not a dramatic transition, I adjust to every situation I am in differently. My small suburban neighborhood I grew up in is a far cry from the busy, condensed, happening streets of London. My home-body, tight-knit friend group bears little resemblance to the spontaneous relationships I find myself in company with at university. While I am not disingenuous, I still find myself shifting my values to adjust to those around me. At this moment, I would describe myself as outgoing, helpful, and eager. That's not to say I am never those traits, but being in different settings demands different experiences and perspectives that I did not have prior. 
Objective identity are those aspects of self that are non-negotiable, that one owns up to fully and wholly: the culture and ideas ingrained into your mind with little room to budge. What I know to be true to myself is as follows: I celebrate my Indian heritage and upbringing to the best of my abilities; I fight for women’s rights to take up space traditionally held by men; I always extend a hand to those who need it.
My objective identity has been forged out of 18 long years of experiences, but one of the more standout moments that shaped the way I interact with the world happened in middle school, when I was given my first exposure to making a positive impact on the world. Living in a small, majority white town in nowhere, Massachusetts, I faced my fair share of not fitting in. It was often a struggle to comprehend my place among my peers, with my tanned skin, frizzy hair, and ‘smelly’ lunches. In an effort to find community, I joined as many clubs as I could fit in my schedule. Spanish club on Monday, Model UN on Tuesday, Speech club on Wednesday, Choir on  Thursday, Newspaper on Friday, and the next week a whole new assortment. Among the lottery spins of activities, I landed one Monday afternoon in Activism Club, one of the first clubs I went back to for a second week. 
I found for the first time people who were passionate about a goal not driven to further themselves, but people around them as well. It was through the weekly discussions and talks of our aspirations that I was given the opportunity to travel with my club mates to a convention across the state and present on a topic of our choice. In the weeks leading up, I spent more time with my classmates I had met some weeks ago than I had with my friends of six years. The project did not feel like a chore like most school-assigned group projects did; everyone pulled their weight. Participating in an activity that everyone purely and wholly believes in and is interested in makes the process go by faster, more efficiently, and more successfully. 
Entering the conference itself was magical. I felt a sense of belonging unlike anything I felt in the environment of my school. I saw people who looked like me, had the same interests, had the same motivations and drives. While I never felt particularly outcasted, it often felt lonely to not have anyone to talk to about anything other than American media and celebrities. I had already found someone to passionately discuss the long discography of Shah Rukh Khan and debate whether sabjis tasted better with a base of sauteed onion or not. The connections I made that day still resonate with me today. 
During the presentations, I took my two-week Speech Club experience and spoke in front of the unfamiliar classroom and new faces from middle schoolers to adult faculty. After listening to my classmates say their piece with my heart in my throat, I stepped up to the smart board and cleared my throat. I leveled my voice and spoke with the distinction of someone who cared about what they were saying. I don't remember exactly what I had said in our presentation about ‘legally blonde feminism,’ but my adoration of Elle Woods could keep me talking for hours on end. More than the actual words on the decorated pastel pink google slides, I still remember the buzz in my veins as I resolutely barrelled on, not even glancing at the flashcards. I remember making eye contact with each face in the room- the bored and the eager- and the wide grin on my face hearing the applause after we turned the last slide. Realistically, it couldn't have been more than a polite rumble, but all 12 year old Avni heard was a standing ovation. 
The experience guided me into continuing my experience in activism. I can remember my more recent projects with far more clarity than the 2018 Connections Conference, but I don’t think any conference since has felt nearly as momentous as that first one did. Even though the crowds got bigger, our presentation matured, and our influence expanded, I felt the largest I did that day than I had ever previously. 
I think the reason that day felt so important was because it was the first time I felt important. I felt important to a group of people who I looked up to: people I had wanted to meet for most of my life. Their validation felt like a puzzle piece connecting in my mind. I knew at that moment what I craved most was a sense of belonging, community, and to be a person that facilitates that. Because of the experience, I have taken it upon myself to continue taking leadership roles and to continue my work in activism to give others a space I once craved. Whenever I successfully create an environment similar to that day, I imagine another young person, maybe not scared but maybe alone, finding themselves swept up in a celebration of themselves and I think it’s all worth it. That feeling is unlike any in the world, and I think it is a feeling that defines my identity.